[Feature] Support turbomind (#166)
InternLM/opencompass: docs/en/advanced_guides/evaluation_turbomind.md

# Evaluation with LMDeploy

We now support evaluation of models accelerated by the [LMDeploy](https://github.com/InternLM/lmdeploy). LMDeploy is a toolkit designed for compressing, deploying, and serving LLM. **TurboMind** is an efficient inference engine proposed by LMDeploy. OpenCompass is compatible with TurboMind. We now illustrate how to evaluate a model with the support of TurboMind in OpenCompass.

# Setup

## Install OpenCompass

> Please follow the [instructions](https://github.com/InternLM/opencompass#installation) to install the OpenCompass and prepare the evaluation datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the [instructions](https://opencompass.readthedocs.io/en/latest/get_started.html) to install the OpenCompass and prepare the evaluation datasets.
```

## Install LMDeploy

> Install lmdeploy via pip ( python 3.8+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install lmdeploy via pip (python 3.8+)
```
